E-Grocers Project Description
	As a group, we have decided to propose the idea of a database system known as “E-Grocers.” This database will serve different users ranging from grocery store employees to ordinary customers with a multitude of services. We decided to focus on ethnic, local grocery stores such as an Indian grocery store or a farmer’s market. The reasoning behind this decision is that often, small scale grocery stores do not have large database systems that are accessible by both store employees and customers. For instance, popular outlets like Target and Walmart have mobile apps whereas smaller-scale stores like Farmer’s Markets do not.
	In terms of employee usage, each type of employee will have a different level of access to the database system as they have different responsibilities. This database will be geared towards helping stock clerks with inventory management. Some common operations in this realm that the end-user can expect are “ADD_ITEM” and “REMOVE_ITEM” to help track inventory. However, this database system isn’t limited to stock clerks, but the upper levels employees within the store as well. Whenever items within the inventory are running low, the product buyer/ordering manager will be notified. Upon being notified, the individual can then order enough stock. This database will be of utmost importance to the store manager because it will help them determine prices for their products and will serve as a medium of paying the other employees. With all these responsibilities and services, the database will have multiple constraints meaning each employee will have a different view of the interface/data. There should also be a high level of security when it comes to financial activities.
	Beyond this, E-Grocers will aid customers with their in-store and online shopping experiences. When in the physical store, E-Grocers can help customers by indicating to them where a certain item they seek is. Hypothetically, if a customer seeks a certain cereal brand, E-Grocers will notify said customer what aisle and which section the cereal brand is stocked. This aspect is to help with a customer’s in-store shopping experience. On the other hand, E-Grocers also supports online shopping. Customers are able to purchase items through the E-Grocers interface which can be accessed in desktop/mobile website form. For this, E-Grocers must be able to store customer accounts with their respective information. Once customers have completed their online purchase, items will be packed and shipped or ready for pickup in-store.
	Ultimately, these are some of the intended uses for E-Grocers, but they are subject to change based on assignment deadlines and student capabilities

